# a SESSION

 A PHP session is used to store data on a server rather than the computer of the user. Session identifiers or SID is a unique number which is used to identify every user in a session based environment. The SID is used to link the user with his information on the server like posts, emails etc.basically session use to share common data across whole website when browser got close session got clear after some times.

 The PHP session_start() function is used to begin a new session.It als creates a new session ID for the user.

  Below is the PHP code to start a new session

  <pre>
   <code>
    session_start();

    $_SESSION['my_key'] = 'SomeValue';

    echo $_SESSION['my_key'];
   </code>
  </pre>

  # b AJAX 

  AJAX = Asynchronous JavaScript And XML.
  AJAX allows web pages to be updated asynchronously by exchanging data with a web server behind the scenes. This means that it is possible to update parts of a web page, without reloading the whole page.

  # c SQL INJECTION 
  SQL injection, also known as SQLI, is a common attack vector that uses malicious SQL code for backend database manipulation to access information that was not intended to be displayed. This information may include any number of items, including sensitive company data, user lists or private customer details.

  # d DYNAMIC WEBSITE

  A dynamic website is a website that displays different types of content every time a user views it. This display changes depending on a number of factors like viewer demographics, time of day, location, language settings, and so on.

  While static pages require manual updating before their contents change, dynamic websites offer unique content to visitors each time they view the site. This is done through a combination of client-side and server-side scripting.

  in a sentence a dynamic website is kinda website which content is changable by the end user from a end user panel without.